docs: expand on allocation GC details (#26792)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/manage/garbage-collection.mdx

- Scheduled interval

  The garbage collection process launches a ticker based on the configured
  `gc_interval`. On each tick, the garbage collection process checks to see if
  it needs to remove terminal allocations.

- Terminal state

  When an allocation transitions to a terminal state, Nomad marks the allocation
  for garbage collection and then signals the garbage collection process to run
  immediately. As with the scheduled interval, this may be a no-op if the
  thresholds have not been reached.

- Allocation placement

  Nomad may preemptively run garbage collection to make room for new
  allocations. The client garbage collects older, terminal allocations if adding
  new allocations would exceed the `gc_max_allocs` limit.

- Server garbage collection

>   When the server garbage collects an allocation or you force garbage collection
>   by running the `nomad system gc` command, the garbage collection process
>   removes all terminal objects on all servers and clients, ignoring thresholds.

Reviewer: to put a real fine point on it,

```suggestion
  When the server garbage collects an allocation or you force garbage collection
  by running the `nomad system gc` command, the garbage collection process
  removes all terminal objects on all servers and clients, ignoring all
  threshold settings cluster-wide.
```
